feat: add option to use git-credentials file instead of token (#25336)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

When `platformCommit` is enabled, Renovate will create commits with GitHub's API instead of using `git` directly.
This way Renovate can use GitHub's [Commit signing support for bots and other GitHub Apps](https://github.blog/2019-08-15-commit-signing-support-for-bots-and-other-github-apps/) feature.

## platformGitCredentialsFile

> When `platformGitCredentialsFile` is enabled, Renovate won't pass the gitlab token throught the URL but configure git to use the `.git-credentials` file.
> It is useful if you are using a private gitlab and it is configured such as the HTTPS is configured for something else as HTTPS authentication (Kerberos authentication for example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `platformGitCredentialsFile` is enabled, Renovate won't pass the gitlab token through the URL and instead configure git to use a `.git-credentials` file.
It is useful if you cannot pass credentials through the URL, such as when the HTTPS is configured for something else like Kerberos as HTTPS authentication.
```

> It runs the command `git config credential.helper store` and then write, if it doesn't exist, the file `.git-credentials` with `https://oauth2:<TOKEN>@<ENDPOINT>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It runs the command `git config credential.helper store` and then writes the file `~/.git-credentials` with `https://oauth2:<TOKEN>@<ENDPOINT> if it doesn't already exist`.
This feature will not work if a `~/.git-credentials` file already exists.
```
